                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume Three, Issue Thirty-Three, File 10 of 13

           PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN { CyberView '91 } PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN
           ^*^                                                   ^*^
           PWN         P h r a c k   W o r l d   N e w s         PWN
           ^*^         ~~~~~~~~~~~   ~~~~~~~~~   ~~~~~~~         ^*^
           PWN            Special Edition Issue Four             PWN
           ^*^                                                   ^*^
           PWN      "The Hackers Who Came In From The Cold"      PWN
           ^*^                                                   ^*^
           PWN                 June 21-23, 1991                  PWN
           ^*^                                                   ^*^
           PWN             Written by Bruce Sterling             PWN
           ^*^                                                   ^*^
           PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN { CyberView '91 } PWN ^*^ PWN ^*^ PWN


                     The Hackers Who Came In From The Cold
                     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     "Millionaries and vandals met at the computer-underground convention
         to discuss free information.  What they found was free love."

                  by Bruce Sterling : bruces @ well.sf.ca.us

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

**  A slightly shorter version of this article appears in Details Magazine
    (October 1991, pages 94-97, 134).  The Details article includes photographs
    of Knight Lightning, Erik Bloodaxe, Mitch Kapor, and Doc Holiday.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

     They called it "CyberView '91."  Actually, it was another "SummerCon" --
the traditional summer gathering of the American hacker underground.  The
organizer, 21 year old "Knight Lightning," had recently beaten a Computer Fraud
and Abuse rap that might have put him in jail for thirty years.  A little
discretion seemed in order.

     The convention hotel, a seedy but accommodating motor-inn outside the
airport in St Louis, had hosted SummerCons before.  Changing the name had been
a good idea.  If the staff were alert, and actually recognized that these were
the same kids back again, things might get hairy.

     The SummerCon '88 hotel was definitely out of bounds.  The US Secret
Service had set up shop in an informant's room that year, and videotaped the
drunken antics of the now globally notorious "Legion of Doom" through a one-way
mirror.  The running of SummerCon '88 had constituted a major count of criminal
conspiracy against young Knight Lightning, during his 1990 federal trial.

     That hotel inspired sour memories.  Besides, people already got plenty
nervous playing "hunt the fed" at SummerCon gigs.  SummerCons generally
featured at least one active federal informant.  Hackers and phone phreaks
like to talk a lot.  They talk about phones and computers -- and about each
other.

     For insiders, the world of computer hacking is a lot like Mexico.  There's
no middle class.  There's a million little kids screwing around with their
modems, trying to snitch long-distance phone-codes, trying to swipe pirated
software -- the "kodez kidz" and "warez doodz."  They're peons, "rodents."
Then there's a few earnest wannabes, up-and-comers, pupils.  Not many.  Less of
'em every year, lately.

     And then there's the heavy dudes.  The players.  The Legion of Doom are
definitely heavy.  Germany's Chaos Computer Club are very heavy, and already
back out on parole after their dire flirtation with the KGB.  The Masters of
Destruction in New York are a pain in the ass to their rivals in the
underground, but ya gotta admit they are heavy.  MoD's "Phiber Optik" has
almost completed his public-service sentence, too...  "Phoenix" and his crowd
down in Australia used to be heavy, but nobody's heard much out of "Nom" and
"Electron" since the Australian heat came down on them.

     The people in Holland are very active, but somehow the Dutch hackers don't
quite qualify as "heavy."  Probably because computer-hacking is legal in
Holland, and therefore nobody ever gets busted for it.  The Dutch lack the
proper bad attitude, somehow.

     America's answer to the Dutch menace began arriving in a steady confusion
of airport shuttle buses and college-kid decaying junkers.  A software pirate,
one of the more prosperous attendees, flaunted a radar-detecting black
muscle-car.  In some dim era before the jet age, this section of St Louis had
been a mellow, fertile Samuel Clemens landscape.  Waist-high summer weeds still
flourished beside the four-lane highway and the airport feeder roads.

       The graceless CyberView hotel had been slammed down onto this landscape
as if dropped from a B-52.  A small office-tower loomed in one corner beside a
large parking garage.  The rest was a rambling mess of long, narrow, dimly lit
corridors, with a small swimming pool, a glass-fronted souvenir shop and a
cheerless dining room.  The hotel was clean enough, and the staff, despite
provocation, proved adept at minding their own business.  For their part, the
hackers seemed quite fond of the place.

     The term "hacker" has had a spotted history.  Real "hackers," traditional
"hackers," like to write software programs.  They like to "grind code,"
plunging into its densest abstractions until the world outside the computer
terminal bleaches away.  Hackers tend to be portly white techies with thick
fuzzy beards who talk entirely in jargon, stare into space a lot, and laugh
briefly for no apparent reason.  The CyberView crowd, though they call
themselves "hackers," are better identified as computer intruders.  They don't
look, talk or act like 60s M.I.T.-style hackers.

     Computer intruders of the 90s aren't stone pocket-protector techies.
They're young white suburban males, and look harmless enough, but sneaky.
They're much the kind of kid you might find skinny-dipping at 2AM in a backyard
suburban swimming pool.  The kind of kid who would freeze in the glare of the
homeowner's flashlight, then frantically grab his pants and leap over the
fence, leaving behind a half-empty bottle of tequila, a Metallica T-shirt, and,
probably, his wallet.

     One might wonder why, in the second decade of the personal-computer
revolution, most computer intruders are still suburban teenage white whiz-kids.
Hacking-as-computer-intrusion has been around long enough to have bred an
entire generation of serious, heavy-duty adult computer-criminals.  Basically,
this simply hasn't occurred.  Almost all computer intruders simply quit after
age 22.  They get bored with it, frankly.  Sneaking around in other people's
swimming pools simply loses its appeal.  They get out of school.  They get
married.  They buy their own swimming pools.   They have to find some replica
of a real life.

     The Legion of Doom -- or rather, the Texas wing of LoD -- had hit Saint
Louis in high style, this weekend of June 22.  The Legion of Doom has been
characterized as "a high-tech street gang" by the Secret Service, but this is
surely one of the leakiest, goofiest and best-publicized criminal conspiracies
in American history.

      Not much has been heard from Legion founder "Lex Luthor" in recent years.
The Legion's Atlanta wing; "Prophet," "Leftist," and "Urvile," are just now
getting out of various prisons and into Georgia halfway-houses.  "Mentor" got
married and writes science fiction games for a living.

     But "Erik Bloodaxe," "Doc Holiday," and "Malefactor" were here -- in
person, and in the current issues of TIME and NEWSWEEK.  CyberView offered a
swell opportunity for the Texan Doomsters to announce the formation of their
latest high-tech, uhm, organization, "Comsec Data Security Corporation."

     Comsec boasts a corporate office in Houston, and a marketing analyst, and
a full-scale corporate computer-auditing program.  The Legion boys are now
digital guns for hire.  If you're a well-heeled company, and you can cough up
per diem and air-fare, the most notorious computer-hackers in America will show
right up on your doorstep and put your digital house in order -- guaranteed.

     Bloodaxe, a limber, strikingly handsome young Texan with shoulder-length
blond hair, mirrored sunglasses, a tie, and a formidable gift of gab, did the
talking.  Before some thirty of his former peers, gathered upstairs over
styrofoam coffee and canned Coke in the hotel's Mark Twain Suite, Bloodaxe
sternly announced some home truths of modern computer security.

     Most so-called "computer security experts" -- (Comsec's competitors) --
are overpriced con artists!  They charge gullible corporations thousands of
dollars a day, just to advise that management lock its doors at night and use
paper shredders.  Comsec Corp, on the other hand (with occasional consultant
work from Messrs. "Pain Hertz" and "Prime Suspect") boasts America's most
formidable pool of genuine expertise at actually breaking into computers.

     Comsec, Bloodaxe continued smoothly, was not in the business of turning-in
any former hacking compatriots.  Just in case anybody here was, you know,
worrying...  On the other hand, any fool rash enough to challenge a
Comsec-secured system had better be prepared for a serious hacker-to-hacker
dust-up.

     "Why would any company trust you?" someone asked languidly.

     Malefactor, a muscular young Texan with close-cropped hair and the build
of a linebacker, pointed out that, once hired, Comsec would be allowed inside
the employer's computer system, and would have no reason at all to "break in."
Besides, Comsec agents were to be licensed and bonded.

     Bloodaxe insisted passionately that LoD were through with hacking for
good.  There was simply no future in it.  The time had come for LoD to move on,
and corporate consultation was their new frontier.  (The career options of
committed computer intruders are, when you come right down to it, remarkably
slim.)  "We don't want to be flippin' burgers or sellin' life insurance when
we're thirty," Bloodaxe drawled.  "And wonderin' when Tim Foley is gonna come
kickin' in the door!"  (Special Agent Timothy M. Foley of the US Secret Service
has fully earned his reputation as the most formidable anti-hacker cop in
America.)

     Bloodaxe sighed wistfully.  "When I look back at my life... I can see I've
essentially been in school for eleven years, teaching myself to be a computer
security consultant."

     After a bit more grilling, Bloodaxe finally got to the core of matters.
Did anybody here hate them now? he asked, almost timidly.  Did people think the
Legion had sold out?  Nobody offered this opinion.  The hackers shook their
heads, they looked down at their sneakers, they had another slug of Coke.  They
didn't seem to see how it would make much difference, really.  Not at this
point.

     Over half the attendees of CyberView publicly claimed to be out of the
hacking game now.  At least one hacker present -- (who had shown up, for some
reason known only to himself, wearing a blond wig and a dime-store tiara, and
was now catching flung Cheetos in his styrofoam cup) --  already made his
living "consulting" for private investigators.

     Almost everybody at CyberView had been busted, had their computers seized,
or, had, at least, been interrogated -- and when federal police put the squeeze
on a teenage hacker, he generally spills his guts.

     By '87, a mere year or so after they plunged seriously into anti-hacker
OBenforcement, the Secret Service had workable dossiers on everybody that
 really
mattered.  By '89, they had files on practically every last soul in the
American digital underground.  The problem for law enforcement has never been
finding out who the hackers are.  The problem has been figuring out what the
hell they're really up to, and, harder yet, trying to convince the public that
it's actually important and dangerous to public safety.

     From the point of view of hackers, the cops have been acting wacky lately.
The cops, and their patrons in the telephone companies, just don't understand
the modern world of computers, and they're scared.  "They think there are
masterminds running spy-rings who employ us," a hacker told me.  "They don't
understand that we don't do this for money, we do it for power and knowledge."
Telephone security people who reach out to the underground are accused of
divided loyalties and fired by panicked employers.  A young Missourian coolly
psychoanalyzed the opposition.  "They're overdependent on things they don't
understand.  They've surrendered their lives to computers."

      "Power and knowledge" may seem odd motivations.  "Money" is a lot easier
to understand.  There are growing armies of professional thieves who rip-off
phone service for money.  Hackers, though, are into, well, power  and
knowledge.  This has made them easier to catch than the street-hustlers who
steal access codes at airports.  It also makes them a lot scarier.

      Take the increasingly dicey problems posed by "Bulletin Board Systems."
"Boards" are home computers tied to home telephone lines, that can store and
transmit data over the phone -- written texts, software programs, computer
games, electronic mail.  Boards were invented in the late 70s, and, while the
vast majority of boards are utterly harmless, some few piratical boards swiftly
became the very backbone of the 80s digital underground.  Over half the
attendees of CyberView ran their own boards.  "Knight Lightning" had run an
electronic magazine, "Phrack," that appeared on many underground boards across
America.

     Boards are mysterious.  Boards are conspiratorial.  Boards have been
accused of harboring:  Satanists, anarchists, thieves, child pornographers,
Aryan nazis, religious cultists, drug dealers -- and, of course, software
pirates, phone phreaks, and hackers.  Underground hacker boards were scarcely
reassuring, since they often sported terrifying sci-fi heavy-metal names, like
"Speed Demon Elite," "Demon Roach Underground," and "Black Ice."  (Modern
hacker boards tend to feature defiant titles like "Uncensored BBS," "Free
Speech," and "Fifth Amendment.")

     Underground boards carry stuff as vile and scary as, say, 60s-era
underground newspapers -- from the time when Yippies hit Chicago and ROLLING
STONE gave away free roach-clips to subscribers.  "Anarchy files" are popular
features on outlaw boards, detailing how to build pipe-bombs, how to make
Molotovs, how to brew methedrine and LSD, how to break and enter buildings, how
to blow up bridges, the easiest ways to kill someone with a single blow of a
blunt object -- and these boards bug straight people a lot.  Never mind that
all this data is publicly available in public libraries where it is protected
by the First Amendment.  There is something about its being on a computer  --
where any teenage geek with a modem and keyboard can read it, and print it out,
and spread it around, free as air -- there is something about that, that is
creepy.

     "Brad" is a New Age pagan from Saint Louis who runs a service known as
"WEIRDBASE," available on an international network of boards called "FidoNet."
Brad was mired in an interminable scandal when his readers formed a spontaneous
underground railroad to help a New Age warlock smuggle his teenage daughter out
of Texas, away from his fundamentalist Christian in-laws, who were utterly
convinced that he had murdered his wife and intended to sacrifice his daughter
to -- Satan!  The scandal made local TV in Saint Louis.  Cops came around and
grilled Brad.  The patchouli stench of Aleister Crowley hung heavy in the air.
There was just no end to the hassle.

     If you're into something goofy and dubious and you have a board about it,
it can mean real trouble.  Science-fiction game publisher Steve Jackson had his
board seized in 1990.  Some cryogenics people in California, who froze a woman
for post-mortem preservation before she was officially, er, "dead," had their
computers seized.  People who sell dope-growing equipment have had their
computers seized.  In 1990, boards all over America went down:  Illuminati,
CLLI Code, Phoenix Project, Dr. Ripco. Computers are seized as "evidence," but
since they can be kept indefinitely for study by police, this veers close to
confiscation and punishment without trial.  One good reason why Mitchell Kapor
showed up at CyberView.

     Mitch Kapor was the co-inventor of the mega-selling business program LOTUS
1-2-3 and the founder of the software giant, Lotus Development Corporation.  He
is currently the president of a newly-formed electronic civil liberties group,
the Electronic Frontier Foundation.  Kapor, now 40, customarily wears Hawaiian
shirts and is your typical post-hippie cybernetic multimillionaire.  He and
EFF's chief legal counsel, "Johnny Mnemonic," had flown in for the gig in
Kapor's private jet.

     Kapor had been dragged willy-nilly into the toils of the digital
underground when he received an unsolicited floppy-disk in the mail, from an
outlaw group known as  the "NuPrometheus League."  These rascals (still not
apprehended) had stolen confidential proprietary software from Apple Computer,
Inc., and were distributing it far and wide in order to blow Apple's trade
secrets and humiliate the company.  Kapor assumed that the disk was a joke, or,
more likely, a clever scheme to infect his machines with a computer virus.

     But when the FBI showed up, at Apple's behest, Kapor was shocked at the
extent of their naivete.  Here were these well-dressed federal officials,
politely "Mr. Kapor"- ing him right and left, ready to carry out a war to the
knife against evil marauding "hackers."  They didn't seem to grasp that
"hackers" had built the entire personal computer industry.  Jobs was a hacker,
Wozniak too, even Bill Gates, the youngest billionaire in the history of
America -- all "hackers."  The new buttoned-down regime at Apple had blown its
top, and as for the feds, they were willing, but clueless.  Well, let's be
charitable -- the feds were "cluefully challenged."  "Clue-impaired."
"Differently clued...."

     Back in the 70s (as Kapor recited to the hushed and respectful young
hackers) he himself had practiced "software piracy" -- as those activities
would be known today.  Of course, back then, "computer software" hadn't been a
major industry -- but today, "hackers" had police after them for doing things
that the industry's own pioneers had pulled routinely.  Kapor was irate about
this.  His own personal history, the lifestyle of his pioneering youth, was
being smugly written out of the historical record by the latter-day corporate
androids.  Why, nowadays, people even blanched when Kapor forthrightly declared
that he'd done LSD in the Sixties.

     Quite a few of the younger hackers grew alarmed at this admission of
Kapor's, and gazed at him in wonder, as if expecting him to explode.

     "The law only has sledgehammers, when what we need are parking tickets and
speeding tickets," Kapor said.  Anti-hacker hysteria had gripped the nation in
1990.  Huge law enforcement efforts had been mounted against illusory threats.
In Washington DC, on the very day when the formation of the Electronic Frontier
Foundation had been announced, a Congressional committee had been formally
presented with the plotline of a thriller movie -- DIE HARD II, in which hacker
terrorists seize an airport computer -- as if this Hollywood fantasy posed a
clear and present danger to the American republic.  A similar hacker thriller,
WAR GAMES, had been presented to Congress in the mid-80s.  Hysteria served no
one's purposes, and created a stampede of foolish and unenforceable laws likely
to do more harm than good.

     Kapor didn't want to "paper over the differences" between his Foundation
and the underground community.  In the firm opinion of EFF, intruding into
computers by stealth was morally wrong.  Like stealing phone service, it
deserved punishment.  Not draconian ruthlessness, though.  Not the ruination of
a youngster's entire life.

     After a lively and quite serious discussion of digital free-speech issues,
the entire crew went to dinner at an Italian eatery in the local mall, on
Kapor's capacious charge-tab.  Having said his piece and listened with care,
Kapor began glancing at his watch.  Back in Boston, his six-year-old son was
waiting at home, with a new Macintosh computer-game to tackle.  A quick
phone-call got the jet warmed up, and Kapor and his lawyer split town.

     With the forces of conventionality -- such as they were -- out of the
picture, the Legion of Doom began to get heavily into "Mexican Flags."  A
Mexican Flag is a lethal, multi-layer concoction of red grenadine, white
tequila and green creme-de-menthe.  It is topped with a thin layer of 150 proof
rum, set afire, and sucked up through straws.

     The formal fire-and-straw ritual soon went by the board as things began to
disintegrate.  Wandering from room to room, the crowd became howlingly rowdy,
though without creating trouble, as the CyberView crowd had wisely taken over
an entire wing of the hotel.

     "Crimson Death," a cheerful, baby-faced young hardware expert with a
pierced nose and three earrings, attempted to hack the hotel's private phone
system, but only succeeded in cutting off phone service to his own room.

     Somebody announced there was a cop guarding the next wing of the hotel.
Mild panic ensued.  Drunken hackers crowded to the window.

     A gentleman slipped quietly through the door of the next wing wearing a
short terrycloth bathrobe and spangled silk boxer shorts.

     Spouse-swappers had taken over the neighboring wing of the hotel, and were
holding a private weekend orgy.  It was a St Louis swingers' group.  It turned
out that the cop guarding the entrance way was an off-duty swinging cop.  He'd
angrily threatened to clobber Doc Holiday.  Another swinger almost punched-out
"Bill from RNOC," whose prurient hacker curiosity, naturally, knew no bounds.

     It was not much of a contest.  As the weekend wore on and the booze flowed
freely, the hackers slowly but thoroughly infiltrated the hapless swingers, who
proved surprisingly open and tolerant.  At one point, they even invited a group
of hackers to join in their revels, though "they had to bring their own women."

     Despite the pulverizing effects of numerous Mexican Flags, Comsec Data
Security seemed to be having very little trouble on that score.  They'd
vanished downtown brandishing their full-color photo in TIME magazine, and
returned with an impressive depth-core sample of St Louis womanhood, one of
whom, in an idle moment, broke into Doc Holiday's room, emptied his wallet, and
stole his Sony tape recorder and all his shirts.

     Events stopped dead for the season's final episode of STAR TREK:  THE NEXT
GENERATION.  The show passed in rapt attention -- then it was back to harassing
the swingers.  Bill from RNOC cunningly out-waited the swinger guards,
infiltrated the building, and decorated all the closed doors with globs of
mustard from a pump-bottle.

     In the hungover glare of Sunday morning, a hacker proudly showed me a
large handlettered placard reading PRIVATE -- STOP, which he had stolen from
the unlucky swingers on his way out of their wing.  Somehow, he had managed to
work his way into the building, and had suavely ingratiated himself into a
bedroom, where he had engaged a swinging airline ticket-agent in a long and
most informative conversation about the security of airport computer terminals.
The ticket agent's wife, at the time, was sprawled on the bed engaging in
desultory oral sex with a third gentleman.  It transpired that she herself did
a lot of work on LOTUS 1-2-3.  She was thrilled to hear that the program's
inventor, Mitch Kapor, had been in that very hotel, that very weekend.

     Mitch Kapor.  Right over there?  Here in St Louis?  Wow.

Isn't life strange.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                           CyberView '91 Guest List
                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Those known best by handles:                                    Those not:

Bill From RNOC / Circuit / The Conflict / Dead Lord             Dorothy Denning
Dispater / Doc Holiday / Dr. Williams / Cheap Shades            Michael Godwin
Crimson Death / Erik Bloodaxe / Forest Ranger / Gomez           Brad Hicks
Jester Sluggo / J.R. "Bob" Dobbs / Knight Lightning             Mitch Kapor
Malefactor / Mr. Fido / Ninja Master / Pain Hertz               Bruce Sterling
Phantom Phreaker / Predat0r / Psychotic Surfer of C&P
Racer X / Rambone / The Renegade / Seth 2600 / Taran King
Tuc <Tuc gets his own line just because he is cool!>
_______________________________________________________________________________
