                    Volume One, Issue Four, Phile #8 of 11

                              THE TRIED AND TRUE
                          HOME PRODUCTION METHOD FOR
                               "METHAMPHETAMINE"




Also known as:"CRYSTAL","METH","CRANK","SPEED" etc..........

Written and tested by: The Leftist.

Have you ever heard of speed? No, not those little pills that are shaped like
hearts, not black beauties, or magnum .357's, but real crystal.  This is the
exact drug that Hitler used on his troops in WWII to make them fight for days
on end.  This is the drug, that in the 60's, caused a "smack" uproar in New
York's "Needle Park".  Now, you can make this very same drug, in your own
dangerous kitchen, safely and easily.  Once you do this a few times, you will
get the hang of it.  I no longer have to read the directions to produce it.

What to do with it once you have made it.
-----------------------------------------
Take a ball about the size of a lead pellet, and wrap it in tissue, and
swallow, or you can put it in capsules and use it.  You can smoke it, mix it
with vitamin B-12, and snort it like cocaine.  You can also sell it, for about
$65-70.00 a gram, and don't forget to cut it.  Remember, this is pure stuff!!

===============================================================================


List of chemicals and materials
-------------------------------

Dilute Hydrochloric acid-->  This may be purchased at the hardware store.  It's
sold as a brick and driveway cleaner.  They call it muriatic acid.

Sodium Hydroxide--> This, you probably already have. It's called "lye" at most
places; it's drain cleaner.

 Ethyl Ether--> You'll probably have to make this.  Don't worry, it's a breeze.
Just go to your local K-mart or Auto parts store, and get a can of that
"STARTING FLUID" it comes in a spray can.  It's used for cold weather starting
of gasoline engines.

"VICKS" nasal inhalers-->USE ONLY VICKS!! No other kind will work that I know
of.  These are at any drug store or grocery, etc..  You need 12 of em, but
don't buy em' by the dozen, unless its winter time, then you can just say yer
from some nursing home, and you're stockin up for the patients.  Otherwise buy
em' 2 at a time, if possible.  Get a friend to help you.  The druggists at the
drug store usually will know what's goin on if you buy quantity.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

                            LIST OF EQUIPMENT
                            -----------------

 Two large eyedroppers- ten small glass bottles- one large glass or porcelain
bowl- coffee filters- one small jar with a top- one Pyrex baking dish- one
glass test tube.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        -==*(> N O T I C E <)*==-

PLEASE! DON'T SMOKE IN THE SAME ROOM WHEN YOU DO THIS.
OPEN A WINDOW IN THE ROOM IF POSSIBLE.
FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS EXACTLY.  THIS RECIPE HAS BEEN TESTED AND THIS IS THE
BEST WAY TO DO IT.  DON'T TAKE SHORTCUTS, AND DON'T EVEN START TO DO THIS
UNLESS YOU HAVE ABOUT 3 HOURS SPARE.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            PREPARING ETHER!
(DO THIS FIRST)

Take one of the small bottles and spray starter fluid in it till it looks
half-full.  Then fill the rest of the way with water, cap the bottle and shake
for 5 minutes.  Then, draw off the top layer with the eyedropper, and throw
away the water layer.  Repeat this until you have about 3 oz. of ether.  Put
the cap on it, and put it in the refrigerator if you can.  (If you can't, don't
worry about it) You'll use this in the procedure below.

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%


                  THE TRIED AND TRUE HOME PRODUCTION METHOD

(1) Break open the inhalers, a pair of real sharp scissors does this good.
Place the cottons that were inside in a jar and close the lid.  (Remember you
use all 12 cottons.)

(2) In the bowl, combine 1- 1/3 oz. water and 2/3 oz. muriatic acid.  Shred
cottons in this solution, and knead for 5 minutes with hands.  (ALWAYS BE SURE
THERE'S CLEAN RUBBER GLOVES on your hands.) You can do it bare-handed if you've
got tough skin.  Squeeze all juice out of filters after you knead, and throw
em away.

(3) Filter the remaining liquid into the quart jar.  It will be necessary to do
this several times to get that awful smelling oil out.  The chemicals in the
inhalers have been bonded to the HCl, and the oils have been filtered off.
Throw the filters away.

(4) Pour enough of the solution into a small bottle to fill it 1/3 full.  Save
any leftover juice for the second batch.

(5) Pour 1/4 teaspoon of the lye crystals into the bottle and agitate.  Do this
carefully, as the mixture will become hot, and give off a gas.  Repeat this
step until the mixture remains cloudy.

(6) Fill the bottle from step (5) up the rest of the way with ether. Cap the
bottle, and agitate for about 8 minutes.  It is very important to expose every
molecule of the free-base to the ether for as long as possible.

(7) Let the mixture settle.  There will be a middle layer that is very thick.
Tap the side of the bottle to get this layer as thin as possible.

(8) Remove the top layer with the eyedropper, being careful not to get any of
the middle layer in it.  Save the top layer, and throw the rest away.

(9) Fill a bottle half-way with water, and about 10 drops of acid.  Pour the
top layer from step (8) into the bottle, and cap it.  Shake the bottle for 2
minutes.  When it settles, remove the top layer and throw it away.  The free
base has now been bonded to the HCl/water mixture.

(10) If there is anything left from step (3), repeat the procedure with it.

(11) Evaporate the solution in the Pyrex dish on low heat.  You can do this on
the stove, but I have found that if you leave it on top of a hot-water heater
(like the one that supplies hot water to your house) for about 2-3 days, the
remaining crystals will be Methamphetamine.

 Some notes:

Police are now calling this the "New Cocaine".

It is very easy to become delirious off the ether fumes, so be sure you are
well ventilated, I mean it!!!

Small, aspirin, or experiment bottles seem to work the best for smaller
batches.  The measurements are not exact, so you don't have to be either.

In step 9, be sure you don't use too much water.  Remember, this is the water
you have to use to evaporate.


