                     Volume One, Issue Six, Phile 3 of 13

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

                             The Techno-Revolution

                                      by

                                 Doctor Crash

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

    Hacking. It is a full time hobby, taking countless hours per week to learn,
experiment, and execute the art of penetrating multi-user computers.  Why do
hackers spend a good portion of their time hacking?  Some might say it is
scientific curiosity, others that it is for mental stimulation.  But the true
roots of hacker motives run much deeper than that.  In this file I will
describe the underlying motives of the aware hackers, make known the
connections between Hacking, Phreaking, Carding, and Anarchy, and make known
the "techno-revolution" which is laying seeds in the mind of every hacker.

    To fully explain the true motives behind hacking, we must first take a
quick look into the past.  In the 1960's, a group of MIT student built the
first modern computer system.  This wild, rebellious group of young men were
the first to bear the name "hackers".  The systems that they developed were
intended to be used to solve world problems and to benefit all of mankind.

    As we can see, this has not been the case.  The computer system has been
solely in the hands of big businesses and the government.  The wonderful device
meant to enrich life has become a weapon which dehumanizes people.  To the
government and large businesses, people are no more than disk space, and the
government doesn't use computers to arrange aid for the poor, but to control
nuclear death weapons.  The average American can only have access to a small
microcomputer which is worth only a fraction of what they pay for it.  The
businesses keep the true state of the art equipment away from the people behind
a steel wall of incredibly high prices and bureaucracy.  It is because of this
state of affairs that hacking was born.

    Hackers realize that the businesses aren't the only ones who are entitled
to modern technology.  They tap into online systems and use them to their own
advantage.  Of course, the government doesn't want the monopoly of technology
broken, so they have outlawed hacking and arrest anyone who is caught.  Even
worse than the government is the security departments of businesses and
companies.  They act as their own "private armies" and their ruthless tactics
are overlooked by the government, as it also serves their needs.

    Hacking is a major facet of the fight against the computer monopoly.  One
of the ways hackers accomplish their means has developed into an art in itself:
Phone Phreaking.  It is essential that every Hacker also be a Phreak, because
it is necessary to utilize the technology of the phone company to access
computers far from where they live.  The phone company is another example of
technology abused and kept from people with high prices.

    Hackers often find that their existing equipment, due to the monopoly
tactics of computer companies, is inefficient for their purposes.  Due to the
inexorbitantly high prices, it is impossible to legally purchase the necessary
equipment.  This need has given still another segment of the fight:  Credit
Carding.  Carding is a way of obtaining the necessary goods without paying for
them.  It is again due to the companies stupidity that Carding is so easy, and
shows that the world's businesses are in the hands of those with considerably
less technical know-how than we, the hackers.

    There is one last method of this war against computer abusers.  This is a
less subtle, less electronic method, but much more direct and gets the message
across.  I am speaking of what is called Anarchy.  Anarchy as we know it does
not refer to the true meaning of the word (no ruling body), but to the process
of physically destroying buildings and governmental establishments.  This is a
very drastic, yet vital part of this "techno-revolution."

    Hacking must continue.  We must train newcomers to the art of hacking.  We
must also increase computer Crashing.  I know that crashing a computer seems a
waste, but when there is no other way to subvert a business, their system must
be shut down.

    As I stated above, this is only on the motives.  If you need a tutorial on
how to perform any of the above stated methods, please read a file on it.  And
whatever you do, continue the fight.  Whether you know it or not, if you are a
hacker, you are a revolutionary.  Don't worry, you're on the right side.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
    If you have a question or comment about this file or the "techno-
revolution" just leave mail for me on the Metal Shop AE (314)256-7284, or any
other BBS I may happen to be on.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
