PartyCon '87                                                  July 24-26, 1987
~~~~~~~~~~~~
This article is not meant to be as in depth as the SummerCon issue, but I
think you'll enjoy it.

Before we begin, here is a list of the total phreak/hack attendees;

      Cheap Shades / Control C / Forest Ranger / Knight Lightning / Loki
     Lucifer 666 / Mad Hatter / Sir William / Synthetic Slug / Taran King
               The Cutthroat / The Disk Jockey / The Mad Hacker

Other people who attended that should be made a note of include; Dan and Jeff
(Two of Control C's roommates that were pretty cool), Dennis (The Menace); one
of Control C's neighbors, Connie; The Mad Hacker's girlfriend (at the time
anyway), and the United States Secret Service; they weren't actually at
PartyCon, but they kept a close watch from a distance.

For me, it started Friday morning when Cheap Shades and I met Forest Ranger
and Taran King at Taran's house.  Our trip took us through Illinois, and we
stopped off at a Burger King in Normal, Illinois (close to Illinois State
University). Would you believe that the majority of the population there had
no teeth?

Anyway, our next stop was to see Lucifer 666 in his small one-horse town.  He
would follow us later (with Synthetic Slug).  We arrived at Control C's
apartment around 4 PM and found Mad Hatter alone.  The first thing he made a
note of was some sheets of paper he discovered (while searching ^C's
apartment).  I won't go into what was on the paper.  Although we didn't know
it at the time, he copied the papers and hid them in his bag.  It is believed
that he intended to plant this and other information inside the apartment so
that ^C would get busted.

Basically, it was a major party with a few mishaps like Forest Ranger and
Cheap Shades driving into Grand Rapids, Michigan on Friday night and not
getting back till 4 AM Saturday.  We hit Lake Shore Drive, the beach, a few
shopping malls, Chicago's Hard Rock Cafe, and Rush Street.  It was a lot of
fun and we may do it again sometime soon.

If you missed PartyCon '87, you missed out.  For those who wanted to go, but
couldn't find us, we're sorry.  Hotel cancellations and loss of phone lists
due to current problems made it impossible for us to contact everyone.

                         Written by Knight Lightning
______________________________________________________________________________

