                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                    Volume One, Issue Five, Phile #4 of 12

                            +---------------------+
                            | Hand-To-Hand Combat |
                            |                     |
                            |          by         |
                            |                     |
                            |  [bad boy in black] |
                            +---------------------+

                                      on

                                ^*^ 3/31/86 ^*^

_______________________________________________________________________________

This file will teach you how you can kill another person with your own two
hands. The information presented here will be very helpful to the beginner and
will also serve as a refresher for those of you already familiar with the
subject.

I will start off by talking about basic things such as stance, what you should
and shouldn't do when fighting and other information that the beginner will
need to know. Then, I will give you a list of over 20 vulnerable points that
one should always try attacking in a fight along with the way these points
should be attacked. Finally, I will give you some more fighting tips and
information on how you can continue learning about hand-to-hand combat.

                                      ^*^

Now, let me discuss some of the basics you will need to know when you are in
any combat situation.

Stance
------
The best stance when confronting an enemy is to put your feet at shoulders
length apart and your arms should be facing forward, parallel to each other and
bent at the elbows. Keep your knees slightly bent and stand on the balls of
your feet.

Remember, you always want to maintain this stance when you are not striking at
the enemy.

Balance
-------
It is always important that you keep your balance. If you use the stance I have
described above, you will never have to worry about it. If by chance you do
lose your balance even for a second you can kiss your ass goodbye as the enemy
will probably kill you.

Aggressiveness
--------------
Always be aggressive and always attack. Don't just stand back and defend
yourself against the enemy's strikes as he will end up killing you eventually.
If you are not aggressive, the enemy will think you are scared and he will have
an advantage over you.

A great thing to do is yell at the enemy. This will scare the shit out of him
if you start yelling at him and plus it also allows you to get more oxygen in
your lungs so you will have more strength.

Natural Weapons
---------------
Your natural weapons are as follows: knife edge of either hand, the heel of
your hands, your fingers folded at the second knuckle, your boot, your elbow,
your knees, your teeth, your fore finger and second finger forming a "V" shape,
and your fist. These body parts alone are some of the most powerful weapons you
can use.

                                      ^*^

Since you now know the basics of fighting, let me list for you the best places
where you should strike your enemy.

Temple
------
A sharp blow to the temple ensures instant death since there is a large artery
and nerve located close to the skin surface. If you give a medium blow to the
temple it will cause severe pain and concussion but a hard blow will kill the
enemy instantly. The best way to strike the temple is with the knife edge of
your hand or if he is on the ground you can kick him with the toe of your boot.

Eyes
----
The eyes are a great place to strike if you can since a good strike in the eyes
will cause temporary or permanent blindness. To blind the enemy, make a "V"
shape with your fore finger and second finger and stick them into his eyes
while keeping your fingers stiff. Also, you can gouge the eyes with your thumb.

Nose
----
The nose is another excellent place to attack. Hit the bridge with the knife
edge of your hand and you will cause breakage, severe pain, temporary blindness
and even death. Or you can use the palm of your hand to strike upwards and push
the nose up into his brain. If done hard enough the nose bone will puncture his
brain and he will die.

Upper Lip
---------
The upper lip contains a lot of nerves close to the skin surface so if you
strike it with the knife edge of your hand it will cause great pain and if
delivered hard enough he will become unconscious.

Mouth
-----
If the enemy is on the ground, use the heel of your boot and strike him on the
mouth. Since there are a lot of veins and arteries in the teeth there will be a
lot of blood which will frighten the enemy and he will lose concentration on
defending other parts of his body.

Chin
----
The chin should only be struck with the palm of your hand as you can break your
fingers on the enemy's chin. Use the palm of your hand and strike the enemy
with a very strong upward blow. This will cause extreme discomfort.

Adam's Apple
------------
Usually the enemy will defend this part of his body well but if you do get the
chance give it a sharp hit with the knife edge of your hand. If you hit it hard
enough you will bust his windpipe and he will die. You can also squeeze the
Adam's Apple between your fingers.

Esophagus
---------
If you have a chance to get a hold of his neck, press your thumbs into his
esophagus (located below the Adam's Apple). Pushing hard will be very painful
and it will block the oxygen flow to his lungs and he will die quickly.

Neck
----
If you give a very strong blow to the base of the neck with the knife edge of
your hand you will usually break it. However, if it is not hard enough, the
enemy might just be knocked unconscious so be sure to hit him in the temple or
twist his neck around to be sure he is dead. The neck is the best place to hit
someone if you want to be quiet as it is quick and the enemy goes down without
a word.

Collar Bone
-----------
The collar bone is an extremely sensitive part of the body. A sharp blow to it
with the knife edge of your hand or your elbow gives the enemy excruciating
pain. Also, digging your finger into the collar bone can bring your enemy to
his knees.

Shoulder
--------
The shoulder is easy dislocated and it takes little strength to do. However, it
should be done quickly. Grab the enemy's arm and pull it behind his back and
then jerk it upwards quickly. You should here a popping sound which means you
have dislocated the enemy's shoulder. There are other methods of doing this but
this is the easiest.

Armpit
------
Although it is hard to get at, the armpit has a large network of nerves. If the
enemy is on the ground, hold up his arm and then kick him in his pit. This will
cause severe pain. However, it is not a very common place that will be struck
in a fight but is good to keep in mind anyways.

Rib Cage
--------
A strike to the rib cage with your fingers folded at the second knuckle is
rather painful and if done hard enough causes severe pain and breakage. Only
use your fingers folded at the second knuckle since that hurts the most.

Solar Plexus
------------
The solar plexus is located on the chest at the little "V" shaped point where
the rib cage ends. There are a large amount of nerves so a blow with the
knuckle of your second finger can cause severe pain and even unconsciousness.

Floating Ribs
-------------
The floating ribs are the lower ribs located at the front and sides of the
enemy's body. Use the knife edge of your hand or the heel or toe of your boot.
The blow will cause pain and will stun the enemy.

Spine
-----
A blow to the spine with the heel of your boot can paralyze or kill your enemy.
The lower spine between the enemy's kidneys is the best place to hit as that is
the least protected part of the spine. You will only be able to attack the
spine when your enemy is on the ground or if his back is turned to you.

Kidneys
-------
The kidneys have two large nerves that are close to the skin surface. If you
strike the kidneys hard it will cause death. You can use a fist or the knife
edge of your hand to hit the kidneys. Or a kick with the heel of your boot will
work too.

Groin
-----
The groin is a good place to strike if you get the chance. Generally, the enemy
will protect this area the most but if you have a chance, strike it with your
knee in an upward motion or with your fist. I'm sure you can imagine the pain
the enemy will get from it.

Tailbone
--------
The tailbone which is located above the anus is a very sensitive part of the
body as a lot of spinal nerves are located there. Use the toe of your boot to
strike the tailbone. The pain from that is unbelievably severe.

Elbow
-----
The elbow is easy to break or dislocate. Pull the enemy's arm behind him and
with the palm of your hand push his elbow inwards until it either cracks or
pops. When the enemy has a useless arm, you have a great advantage over him.

Fingers
-------
The fingers should be broken because the enemy becomes almost helpless with
broken fingers. Grab the enemy's arm with one hand and with the other hand push
the fingers upwards until they snap. It is only necessary to break the first
two fingers. It is also helpful in breaking a grip.

Knee
----
You can destroy the knee by kicking it with the side of your boot in an upward
motion. This will rip the ligaments and the cartilage. This will cause
unbelievable pain and make it impossible for the enemy to move around. Once a
knee has been ruined, you will have a great advantage over the enemy.

Ankle
-----
If the enemy is on the ground, get a hold of his ankle and twist it until it
snaps. This will make it almost impossible for him to walk and he will then be
easy to kill.

                                      ^*^

Let me talk about some more important things you should remember when you are
fighting somebody.

Tactics
-------
Always try to throw your enemy off balance. You can do this by charging the
enemy and pretending to strike him. This will make him flinch and lose his
balance.

Always look for a weak spot and attack it. Whenever he leaves a vulnerable part
of his body unprotected attack it with all your strength. By doing this, he
will then try to protect the part of his body that you just struck thus leaving
even more unprotected parts open.

Use any available object that you can. By this I mean throw sand in his eyes,
block his strikes by hitting him with a large branch, or any other kind of
available material that can be used as a weapon against him.

Foul Play
---------
In a life or death situation there is no such thing as foul play and there are
no rules either. Although hitting someone in the groin is considered a cheap
shot in high school, it is a very effective way of destroying your enemy. Just
hit him where you can and kick him when he's down. That way, he will never get
back up again.

                                      ^*^

I have now explained to you the basics of fighting and the best places to
attack your enemy on his body. Just because you have read this file doesn't
mean you will be able to go out and kick somebody's ass in. These methods take
a lot of practice in order to do them properly.

If you enjoyed this file and would like to practice these methods get a partner
who is also interested in this and work on each type of strike and kick. When
you first start out, go slowly and remember that these methods are deadly and
do not require much force to be effective so take it easy on your partner.

Some of you may decide that practicing is not enough and you would like to
learn more than what I have told you in the above. Well, there are several good
books with illustrations on this subject which go into much more detail than I
ever could in this file. The book I used mainly to write this file was "The
Marine Corps Field Manual on Physical Security". You can get this book through
a good book store or if you happen to know a marine, he can get you a copy very
easily.

There are also camps where you can go for 1-2 weeks to learn all sorts of
things like this such as firing weapons, detailed hand-to-hand combat, doing
raids on enemies and all sorts of other stuff like that. The instructors that
teach these programs are well trained and have had years of experience with
this. However, usually you have to be 18 years or older to get into these
programs and you have to be very serious about it as well. This is not one of
those programs where you can say "Time-out, I need to rest." They don't stop
just to suit you. To get more information about these programs, you can usually
find out about them in magazines like "Soldier of Fortune" and other magazines
with similar theme.

                                      ^*^

Well, that's it for now. Perhaps in the future I can discuss the fun stuff like
fighting people with knives and all the other lethal weapons you can use in a
fight. If you liked this file, let me know and I will continue on with this
subject.

_______________________________________________________________________________

