                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                     Volume Two, Issue Eleven, Phile #3 of 12

             .___.                                              .___.
             |___|                                              |___|
             |                                                  |
            /^\                                                /^\
         [+]PLP[+]------------------------------------------[+]PLP[+]
            \^/               ^                 ^              \^/
            |S|  P          ^[+]The Executioner[+]^         P  |S|
            |e| PLP       ^[+]PhoneLine Phantoms![+]^      PLP |e|
            |x|  P _____[+]The Network Technicians[+]______ P  |x|
            |y|   ^        ------------------------       ^    |y|
            |-|  [+] PACT: Prefix Access Code Translator [+]   |-|
            |T|   ^ ====================================  ^    |T|
            |N|  [+]Written for PHRACK Inc. Issue Eleven.[+]   |N|
            |T|                                                |T|
            |-|_______.  Call Phreak Klass, Room 2600  ._______|-|
            |PHRACK XI| [806][799][0016] Login:EDUCATE |PHRACK XI|
            --------| |________________________________| |--------
                    |____________________________________|


     The PACT (Prefix Access Code Translator) feature provides preliminary
translation data for features using access codes that are prefixed by a
special code. A standard numbering and dialing plan requires that individual
line and small business customers' (custom) calling use prefixed access code
dialing for feature access.  PACT is offered on a per office basis. The PACT
is NOT used for the interpretation of Centrex dialing customers.
     When a call is originated by the customer, a call register is used to
store the data about the call. The customer dials a prefix and a 2 digit
access code (table a). The PACT then looks at the digits to determine what
action should take place. Reorder or special service error messages will be
heard if you enter an unassigned code. If the code is accepted, then that
particular action will be performed. The PACT consists of the PACT head table
and the prefixed access code translator. The PACT feature allows the dialing
of a special code for a prefix. These are the '*' and '#'. If you have rotary,
then '11' and '12' are used respectively. To use PACT, the prefix must be
followed by a 2-digit code. This combination is then defined in terms of type
and subtype (table b).

                                   TABLE A
         ____________________________________________________________
         | Access Code            |        Description of function  |
         |________________________|_________________________________|
         | *2X - *3X (x= 0-9)     | Growth to 2 or 3 digit codes    |
         |                        | (Future may call for these)     |
         |                        |                                 |
         | *4X - *5X - *7X        | Local Area Signalling Services  |
         |                        |                                 |
         |       *72              | Call Forwarding Activation      |
         |                        |                                 |
         |       *73              | Call Forwarding Deactivation    |
         |                        |                                 |
         |       *74              | 1-digit speed dialing           |
         |                        |                                 |
         |       *75              | 2-digit speed dialing           |
         |                        |                                 |
         |       #56              | Circuit Switched Digital        |
         |                        | Capability                      |
         |________________________|_________________________________|

    The subtranslator is always built 100 words long. A word is a binary code
which, when sent as a whole, act as a command. One word is equal to a 2-digit
access code. This subtranslator contains the PTW (Primary Translation Word).
The PTW contains the feature type subtype and feature subtype index to
determine the function of the dialed code. The feature subtype allows four
subtype tables to exist for feature type 31 (LASS). Index 0 is for LASS. Index
1 is used for LASS on a pay per usage basis. Index 2 and 3 are currently not
used.

                       TABLE B (written in report form)
                       ================================

Feature Type: 0 (Unassigned)

Feature Type: 1 (1-digit abbr. dialing)

   Subtypes: 0 (Speed Call)
             1 (Change the Speed Call List)
             2 (Invalid)

Feature Type: 2 (2-digit dialing.)

   Subtypes: (Same as Feature 1)

Feature Type: 3 (Circuit Switch Digital Capability)

   Subtype: 1 (CSDC 56 kilo bit service)

Feature Type: 4 (Usage Sensitive 3-way)

Feature Type: 5 (Cancel Call Waiting)

Feature Type: 20 (Call Forwarding Activate)

Feature Type: 21 (Call Forwarding deactivate)

Feature Type: 22 (Project Acct. Service (Autoplex))

Feature Type: 26 (Customer changeable Inter LATA carrier)

Feature Type: 27 (Voice/Data Protection)

Feature Type: 28 (MDS-Message Desk Service)

   Subtypes: 0 (MDS activation)
             1 (MDS deactivation)

Feature Type: 30 (Residence Data Facility Pooling)

Feature Type: 31 (Local Area Signalling Services-LASS)
[index 0]

   Subtypes: 0 (AR-Automatic Recall {Incoming Calls})
             1 (AR-Outgoing calls)
             2 (AR activation incoming/outgoing)
             3 (AR deactivation)
             4 (Customer Originated Trace Activation)
             5 (Distinctive Alert Activation)
             6 (ICLID activation)
             7 (Selective Call Rejection Activation)
             8 (Selective Call Forwarding activation)
             9 (Private Call Activation)
            10 (Distinctive Alert -OFF)
            11 (ICLID-OFF)
            12 (SCR-OFF)
            13 (SCF-OFF)
            14 (Private Call-OFF)
            15 (Distinctive Alert ON/OFF) toggle for opposite
            16 ICLID toggle on/off
            17 SCR toggle on/off
            18 SCF toggle on/off
            19 Private Call on/off
            20 Selective Call Acceptance-ON
            21 SCA OFF
            22 SCA toggle on/off
            23 (Computer Access Restriction) on
            24 CAR off
            25 CAR on/off
         26-31 (reserved for future LASS functions)

Index 1 Pay Per View

       subtype: 0 (Order placement)
                1 (Order Cancel)

     The PACT function is extremely important for LASS functions. PACT is what
lets you tell your switch what you want done. Without the PACT, communication
between you and your CO would not exist. PACT is the base foundation for the
use access codes.
         ============================================================
         = If you have any questions or comments, please leave mail =
         = either on Phreak Klass Room 2600 or at 214-733-5283.     =
         ============================================================
         = (c) The Executioner/PLP/TNT                              =
         ============================================================
