                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                     Volume Three, Issue 27, File 9 of 12


                   +======================================+

                         The Postal Inspection Service

                 (C) UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE (U.S. MAIL)

                               Brought to you by

                                   Vendetta

                                 May 10, 1989

                   +======================================+


Protecting The U.S. Mails
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The protection of the U.S. Mail and the mail system is the responsibility of
the Postal Inspection Service.  As the law enforcement and audit arm of the
U.S. Postal Service, the Inspection Service is a highly specialized,
professional organization performing investigative, law enforcement, and audit
functions essential to a stable and sound postal system.

As our country's oldest federal law enforcement agency, the Inspection Service
has jurisdiction in all criminal matters infringing on the integrity and
security of the mail, and the safety of all postal valuables, property, and
personnel.

Since the beginning of a postal system in this country, criminal and
administrative problems of the Postal Service have been interwoven.  By
detecting and investigating crimes against the mail and postal revenue,
establishing safe and efficient postal systems, protecting all postal
properties, assuring that the postal system is not criminally misused to the
detriment of the public, the Inspection Service plays an integral part in
maintaining effective operations in the Postal Service.

The agency's activities make a vital contribution to the protection of the
nation's economy.  Security and enforcement functions of the Inspection Service
provide assurance to American business for the safe exchange of funds and
securities through the U.S. Mail, and to postal customers of the sanctity of
the seal in transmitting correspondence and messages to all parts of the world.
Audits ensure stability to financial operations, help control costs, and
promote increased efficiency in our Postal Service.


Postal Inspectors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Postal Inspectors are the fact finding and investigative agents of the U.S.
Postal Service.  Today nearly two-thirds of their time is spent in
investigating and solving postal related crimes.  Possessing statutory power of
arrest, they apprehend violators of the law and work closely with U.S.
Attorneys in prosecuting cases in court.  Their work also includes crime
prevention, the audit of postal operations, investigation of accidents and a
wide variety of other service and audit matters.

The work of a Postal Inspector requires total dedication and a willingness to
work long hours.  Investigations of postal crimes which often entail interstate
or international coordination, and the responsibility to restore mail service
following catastrophes such as floods, fire, and airplane wrecks, are
time-consuming and can be hazardous.

There are approximately 1,900 Postal Inspectors stationed in the United States
and Puerto Rico.  All trainees undergo an eleven-week basic training course
involving use of firearms, defensive tactics, legal matters, search and
seizure, arrest techniques, court procedures, postal operations, audit
functions, and a detailed study of the federal laws in which the Inspection
Service has jurisdiction.  Classes are conducted at the Inspection Service
training center in Potomac, Maryland.

Refresher courses keep Inspectors informed of current court decisions, laws,
and legal procedures.  Additional specialized courses are continually held to
equip the Service with expertly trained personnel.

All applicants for the position of Postal Inspector must successfully complete
the following steps; entry examination; a comprehensive background
investigation including ma medical examination; the candidate assessment center
review; and all phases of the basic training course.


Inspection Service Activity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
         Criminal investigations and postal crime prevention represent
             the greatest portion of Inspection Service activity.

Postal Inspectors investigate violations of all postal laws and other related
criminal violations.  Crimes within the purview of postal investigations
include mail fraud, the illegal transmission of controlled substances through
the U.S. Mail, the mailing of child pornography, thefts of mails or postal
valuables, assaults on postal employees, bombs sent through the mails or
directed against postal properties, and the mailing of matter containing
poison, unauthorized concealable firearms, and harmful or prohibited articles.

Five crime laboratories located throughout the country assist Inspectors in
analyzing evidentiary material needed for identifying and tracing criminal
suspects and in providing expert testimony for cases brought to trial.

The objectives of postal crime prevention are to anticipate, identify, and
analyze those areas of greatest crime risk potentially affecting employees,
funds, property, and postal customers.  Postal Inspectors then take action to
remove or reduce that risk and maintain the integrity of the Postal Service.

                "The Postal Inspection Service is responsible
                for the internal audit of the Postal Service."

Postal Inspectors provide management with independent audits and investigations
of all postal activities as a part of the Postal Service's internal control
system.

Audits of installations and systems protect the assets of the Service, improve
its financial management system, assist in the resolution of customer
complaints, investigate matters of Congressional interests, and identify
specific improvements for better customer service and more economical
operations.

Financial audits provide an independent check on the adequacy and effectiveness
of control systems; verify the existence of assets and ensure the proper
safeguards are maintained.  Operations audits are conducted to assist postal
management in the operation of an efficient, and reliable Postal Service.


Security Force
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Postal Police Officers provide protection to mail, postal valuables, postal
employees, facilities, and vehicles of the Postal Service.  As part of the law
enforcement team, they assist Postal Inspectors in the enforcement of certain
postal laws and regulations on postal premises and provide mobile response
unites in emergency situations involving the Postal Service.

Equipped with portable radios and alerted by closed circuit television they
provide perimeter security to major postal facilities and other buildings
operated by the Postal Service.  Their presence in postal installations
throughout the country is a deterrent to postal crimes and an aid to employee
morale.

Postal Police Officers also are used to escort high value mail while in transit
between postal units and at airports.

Experience in military or civil law enforcement, industrial security, or
similar occupations is an asset for positions in the Security Force.  All
appointees undergo a four-week training course conducted at the Inspection
Service's training center.


Coordination With Other Agencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Inspection Service extends full cooperation to all local and federal
investigative and prosecutive authorities in law enforcement matters to ensure
greater protection to the public.  Postal Inspectors participate in the
Department of Justice national strike force teams aimed at curtailing
widespread criminal acts of an organized nature.  Postal Inspectors also work
closely with the External Auditors in providing support to the certification of
the Postal Service's financial statements.


Conviction Rate
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Inspection Service maintains a consistently high conviction rate each year
of approximately 98% of cases brought to trial, a rate not exceeded by any
other federal law enforcement agency.


Jurisdiction, Postal Laws, and Protection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Inspection Service exercises investigative jurisdiction over approximately
85 postal-related statues.  These can be grouped in two categories:  Criminal
acts against the mails, postal facilities, or postal personnel; and criminal
misuse of the postal system.


MAIL FRAUD

All criminal activity involving use of the U.S. Mail with intent to defraud
comes under the jurisdiction of the Postal Inspection Service.  The Mail Fraud
Law is the oldest consumer protection law in the United States and is one of
the most effective prosecutive tool in fighting white collar and organized
crime.  Millions of dollars are lost each year through mail fraud which cheats
not only the poor and the elderly, but businessmen and the consumer as well.
Prevalent schemes include insurance, banking, false billings; land and
advance-fee selling swindles; franchise schemes; work-at-home and fraudulent
diploma schemes; charity schemes; promotions of fake health cures, beauty
devices, fast-working diets, and sex stimulants; chain letters, lotteries, and
solicitations for the sale of advertising specialty items.

While Postal Inspectors have no statutory authority to act as intermediaries in
the settlement of unsatisfactory financial or property transactions conducted
through the mails, their investigations frequently result in the discontinuance
of fraudulent or borderline operations.  Administrative mail-stop orders may be
issued to prevent continuing public loss while sufficient evidence is being
developed for criminal prosecutive action in the courts, or in cases where
false representations, but not necessarily fraudulent intent, can be proven.
The Inspection Service has a leading role in consumer protection through the
implementation of educational programs designed to prevent mail fraud schemes
from developing, and through its efforts to resolve complaints relating to
consumer/vendor misunderstandings or poor business practices.


ORGANIZED CRIME

Investigations by Postal Inspectors in organized crime matters most frequently
relate to cases involving theft and fencing of large amounts of stamp stock and
securities by organized post office burglary rings; insurance and investment
frauds; and planned bankruptcies and schemes aimed at looting company assets.
The Organized Crime Control Act of 1970 specifically includes violation of the
Mail Fraud Statue as "racketeering activity."  Postal Inspectors are assigned
to the Justice Department Organized Crime Strike Forces which operate at various
points throughout the country.


MAIL THEFT/BURGLARY/ROBBERY

Investigation of mail theft offenses are a large part of the Inspection
Service's responsibilities and most commonly involve stolen checks, food
coupons, or other negotiable securities.  Primary attention is directed at
major gangs, sophisticated fencing operations, large scale thefts, and the
implementation of preventive programs.

Burglaries of post offices range from vandalism to high level burglary rings
and fencing operations involving organized crime activity.

Armed robberies endanger the lives of postal employees and the public and,
therefore, are priority investigations.  The targets of these crimes usually
are postal facilities, vehicles transporting mail, and individual employees,
primarily letter carriers.


DRUGS

Illegal trafficking in drugs, narcotics, and other controlled substances
through the mail is investigated in conjunction with other federal and state
law enforcement agencies.


PORNOGRAPHY

The Inspection Service investigates violations of the Postal Obscenity Statue
enacted in 1865 which prohibits the sending of obscene materials through the
U.S. Mail.  This includes the investigation of child pornography offenses
involving the sexual abuse of exploitation of children based on laws passed in
1977 and 1984.


BOMBS

Investigations of incidents of threats involving bombs and incendiary devices
sent through the mails or directed at postal properties or functions are within
the jurisdiction of the Inspection Service.


EXTORTION

The Inspection Service has investigative responsibility in incidents involving
use of the mails to extort money or property by threat of injury to person's
reputation or by accusing a person of a crime.


OTHER PROHIBITED MAILINGS

The mailing of poisons or other harmful matter prohibited by law is
investigated by Postal Inspectors.


Assistance From The Public
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In most cases, the Inspection Service must rely on the watchfulness and
alertness of mail recipients to inform them of possible criminal or harmful
activity involving the use of the mails.  Any suspected violations of postal
laws or misuse of the mails should be reported to the local Postmaster for
referral to a Postal Inspector.  Prompt action on the part of postal customers
and Postal Inspectors is essential in the interest of crime prevention and
detection.
_______________________________________________________________________________
