                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                     Volume Two, Issue 18, Phile #8 of 11

                                  Control C

                                     and

                    The Tribunal of Knowledge presents...

                   LMOS (Loop Maintenance Operation System)

                             -A List of Commands-

    This file contains what to our knowledge are the best things to do on
LMOS.  We were really vague due to the great power of the information provided
in this file.  You now know the commands so we will not go into (either in
this file or when talking to us) how to use this information, it is up to you
to figure out how to use it.

+:  Increase the voice volume on a line

+ lets you increase the volume when you are talking on or monitoring a
sub-scriber's line over a callback path.  The volume is increased because MLT
adds amplifier to the line.  + may be used after a mon, talk, rev, talkin or
call request.  Sometimes MLT adds an amplifier automatically to a long line.
You will not know it is there so if you try to add amplification, a + will
appear in the status sections but the voices will not get any louder because
they are already loud as possible.

-:  Decrease the voice volume on a line

- lets you decrease the volume when you are talking on or monitoring a
subscriber's line over a callback path.  The volume is decreased because MLT
removes amplifier from the line.  - may be used to remove amplifier that you
have placed on the line with the + request, or amplifier that MLT has
automatically places on a long line.  The main reason to remove the amplifier
is because it can sometimes cause a shrill or howl.

Call:  Make a call on a subscriber's line

Call lets you use your touch-tone pad to dial any number you want using the
customer's line circuit.  It does this by simulating an off-hook condition in
order to draw dial tone.  A callback number is a required entry on the tv mask
and an mdf access is required for calling out (except in SXS and panel
offices).  You can use a call when:  1) You want to know the TN for a known CA
& PR - you would call TSPS or ANI.  2) Calls cannot be completed to a TN - you
would call that TN.  3) To monitor dial tone on a customer's line.

Callrd:  Make a call on a dial pulse line circuit

Callrd lets you use your touch-tone pad to dial using the customer's rotary
dial line circuit.  MLT does this by translating tones on a customer's line.
mdf access is required for calling out (except in SXS, DMS10, DMS100, and
DMS100AC offices).  Use a callrd if you want to know the TN for a known CA &
PR - you would call TSPS or ANI.

Ccol:  Collect coins using coin relay

Ccol attempts to collect any coins that are in the hopper of a coin telephone
set by operating the coin relay.  Ccol does not check the totalizer or check
the rest of the line.  The results tell you only about relay operation, speed,
and the current that is necessary to operate it.  A ver code is not returned
by ccol.  You must have access to the line before your request ccol.  You will
use ccol most often when you are talking to a repair person who is trying to
fix a coin phone.

Channel:  Run enhanced channel tests on DLC lines

Chan or channel runs channel isolation tests and tells you if you have a bad
COT or RT channel unit.  Use this request to run enhanced channel tests on
lines served by digital loop carriers such as SLC Series 5.  Chan can only be
run if there is special equipment in the co you're testing in.  If you are
testing a non-locally switched line with the SSA request, channel tests must
be run separately with this request.  Chan may also be used to run channel
isolation tests on switched lines from the tv or stv mask, but these tests are
included when you do a full or loop on a switched line.

Change:  Change status information

Change allows you to change cable, pair or comment information that is
displayed without having to request a test or any other type of information.
the permanent line record information is not changed.  To request a change,
enter "change" in the req field of the tv and enter the change of information.

Chome:  Home totalizer on a coin telephone

Chome attempts to return a totalizer to the starting position (home) for
counting coins.  The totalizer counts the coins and sends a tone back to the
co for every 5 cents deposited.  If it is not homed, coins can't be deposited.
A chome request tells you whether the totalizer was homed, how many tones were
sent to the co, and the current that was used to home the totalizer.  A line
must already be accessed to request a chome.  Chome is often used when a
repair person is trying to fix a coin telephone.

Co:  Test the central office equipment

Co initiates a series of tests on the subscriber's line circuit.  Co can be
requested using either a no-test or an MDF trunk.  A no-test access connects
you to the entire loop but a co request tests only the inside portion.  An MDF
access is only connected to the inside portion of the loop.  The outside
portion is physically disconnected.  Use a no-test access when you are fairly
sure the trouble is inside the central office.  Use a co on an MDF access when
you are not sure where the trouble is.

Coin:  Test a coin telephone set

Coin initiates a full series of tests on a telephone line.  The station set,
the totalizer, the coin relay, the loop and the co equipment are checked.  If
the coin request finds something wrong with either the totalizer or the relay,
it stops testing and tells you the trouble is in the set.  If it finds nothing
wrong, it runs the full entries of tests.  Coin may be used when a repair
person is trying to fix a coin telephone.  If a coin phone is newly installed,
coin will check the set even though there is no line record.

Cret:  Operate coin relay to return coins

Cret attempts to return any coins that may be lodged in the hopper of a coin
telephone set.  It operates the coin relay so that it will return the coins.
It tries to return them 3 times before giving up.  If it is successful, it
also checks the speed of the relay.  It does not check the totalizer or the
rest of the line.  You should have access to the line before you request a
cret.  You will use cret primarily when you are talking to a repair person who
is trying to repair coin telephone.

Cset:  Check totalizer and relay in coinset

Cset checks the totalizer and the coin relay in a coin telephone set.  The
totalizer is the mechanism in the phone that counts deposited coins and sends
a tone back to the co for every 5 cents that is deposited.  The relay is the
mechanism that either returns or collects the coins that are deposited.  Cset
does not check the co or loop parts of the line.  Cset can be used when you
are talking to a repair person who is fixing a coin telephone.

Dial:  Test a subscriber's rotary dial

Dial checks the subscriber's rotary dial.  You must be in contact with the
subscriber,either over a callback path or over a ddd line.  For the dial
request to work correctly, tell the subscriber to dial a "0" after hearing
brief dial tone.  The results of a dial request tell you whether the dial is
okay or not, whether the dial speed is okay and what the speed is, and whether
the break is okay and what the break is.  Use the dial request when you
suspect a problem with the telephone set.  The trouble report could be "Can't
call out' or 'Gets wrong numbers", for example.

Dtout:  Test a pbx line circuit

Dtout initiates a series of tests on a pbx line circuit.  Dtout must be
requested using an MDF trunk.  It is used to draw dial tone and check the
arrangement of the pbx line circuit.  Use dtout when you need to check the
condition of special service circuits that do not use central office switches.

Full:  Test the entire telephone line

Full starts a series of tests that do an extensive analysis of the entire
line. This includes both the inside and outside portions.  Many individual
tests are run and the most important results are displayed in the summary
message. Outside, MLT checks for AC and DC faults.  Inside, it checks the line
circuit and dial tone.  The results may also include many other types of
information about the line.  You might request full line test when you first
access a line or when you need to know a lot about a line.

Grm:  Get fast ground resistance measurement

Grm gives you a quick measurement of the DC resistance of the ground path from
the strap to the test hardware.  Before you do a grm, have the repair person
strap the tip and ring wires to ground.  If this isn't done, grm will give you
incorrect values.  The line must be accessed before you do a grm request.  You
can use grm when you are talking to a repair person who is fixing a coinset.
The resistance values obtained from a grm can be compared to old resistance
values that are stored inside each coinset.

Help:  List the valid tv requests

Help returns a list of all of the valid requests used in MLT-2.  Help can be
used when you are not sure which request to use in a particular situation, or
when you can't remember an exact request name.  For example, the correct entry
to reverse polarity on a touch-tone line is "Rev.", help will tell you this.
For a description of any specific request, enter the name of the request
followed by a question mark.

Info:  Get general information about a line

Info gives you the wire center name and the location of the frame; the
exchange key, MDF group and MDF trunk numbers associated with the subscriber's
line; the telephone number at the appropriate frame; and the assignment
telephone number. You can get information about a whole telephone number, an
NPA-NXX-, or an exchange key.  MLT does not access the line when you request
info, but it keeps access if you already have it.  If there are multiple
frames in an office, MLT give you information about all of them.

Keep:  Keep an access that you already have

Keep lets you hold access to a no-test or MDF trunk that is about to
"timeout."  MLT keeps track of which trunks you have accessed but have not
used for a while.  MLT will automatically drop the access for you after a
certain period of time.  About 2 minutes before dropping the access, MLT gives
you a warning message and also highlights the status line that will be
dropped.  If you want to keep the access, you should enter "keep" in the req
field and the tn or line number of the access to be held.  To drop an access
when your are finished with it, enter an x in the req field.

Lin:  Test the inside part of the loop

Lin starts a series of tests on the inside portion of a line.  Lin includes
the same tests as the loop test and can identify a co line circuit if one is
present.  Lin does not do the regular line circuit and draw and break dial
tone tests.  An MDF access is required for a lin request.  You can use lin to
test special circuit that do not use co switching machine.  For example, if
the circuit has 2 loops connected at the frame, lin lets you look at the
second loop (both full and loop only test toward one loop).

Lloop:  Run the long loop analysis on the outside or loop part of a line

The ll request starts a series of tests which do extensive analysis of the
outside portion of the subscriber's line.  It is specifically designed to
handle cases that the regular loop request was not designed to handle.  These
cases include very long loops (over 100,000 feet) and multiparty lines on
moderate-to-very-long loops.  It does similar measurements to those that loop
does, but analyzes the results differently.  It expects to see a loop that has
no dc faults or only very light dc faults.  If you use a loop on lloop on a
loop that has serious dc faults it will not do the long loop analysis.

Loc1:  Measure distance to 1-sided resistive fault

Loc1 gets MLT to measure how far a one-sided fault is from the repair person,
because telephone lines can be very long, it can be difficult for a repair
person to find the location of a resistive fault.  You can use loc1 to help
the repair person have 1-sided fault.  You should be in contact with the
repair person on a line other than the one being measured.  Have the repair
person open the pr at a ready-access point beyond the fault if possible.  Ask
him/her to strap the pr tip to ring.  Remember to enter a temperature on the
tv mask before you transmit the loc1 request.

Loc2:  Measure distance to 2-sided resistive fault

Loc2 gets MLT to measure how far a two-sided fault is from the repair person.
Remember that you must run a locgp before you run a loc2 and that you must be
in contact with the repair-person on a line other than the one you will be
measuring.  The repair-person must connect the bad pair to the good pair in a
specific way, the exact method to use is explained in the results of the locgp
request.  Logcp and loc2 can also be used to sectionalize a one-sided
resistive fault.  Remember to enter a temperature on the tv mask before you
transmit the loc2 request.

Look:  Look for an intentional fault

Look is used to identify a fault, usually a short or ground, that has been
placed on the line by the repair person.  Look can be used when a repair
person is having trouble locating a particular line.  Look gets MLT to monitor
the line that the repair person is looking for.  When the repair person shorts
or grounds the line, mlt sends a tone to you over your headset.  You can tell
the repair person that you "see the short".  A callback path is required for a
look request.  You should talk to the repair person on a line other than the
one you are working on.

Lookin:  Look for an intentional fault on a special services line

Lookin is used to identify a fault, usually a short or ground, that has been
placed on the special services line by the technician.  Lookin is used to
locate a particular line by having MLT monitor the line that the repair person
is looking for.  When the repair person shorts or grounds the line, MLT sends
a tone to you over your headset.  You can tell the repair person that you "See
the short."  A callback path is required for a lookin quest.  You should talk
to the repair person on a line other than the one you are working on.  MDF
access is required.

Loop:  Test the outside part of the loop

Loop starts a series of tests that do an extensive analysis of the outside
portion of the line.  Loop does every test that full does except the line
circuit and draw and break dial tone tests.  Loop can be requested using
either a no-test or an MDF trunk.  A no-test access connects you to the entire
line but a loop request tests only the outside portion.  An MDF access is only
connect to the outside portion.  Use a no-test trunk when you are fairly sure
the trouble is out of the co and an MDF when you are not sure.

Lrm:  Get fast loop resistance measurement

lrm gives you a quick measurement of the DC resistance on a line.  Lrm can't
be run unless either the receiver is off-hook or the line is strapped tip to
ring (an intentional short is placed on the line by the repair person).  Also,
MLT will not accept an lrm request if there is a hard ground on the line.  Lrm
does not access the line so you must already have access to do an lrm.  You
can use lrm when you are talking to a repair person who is fixing a coinset.
The resistance values obtained from the lrm can be compared to the old
resistance values that are stored inside each coinset.

MDF(#):  Access a specific MDF trunk

MDF(#) lets you choose the MDF trunk that you want MLT to access.  Use this
request when an MDF trunk is connected to a telephone line at the MDF but is
not connected to the loop testing system.  This may occur in small offices
where the frame attendant doesn't work for the entire day.  You can also use
this request when an MDF trunk has to be tested and repaired.  The MDF entry
must be a five character entry consisting of the wire center identifier and
the trunk number.

Mdf:  Access a main distributing frame (MDF)

MDF connects the mlt testing equipment to an MDF trunk.  Before you can enter
any requests, you must have the frame attendant connect the MDF trunk to the
subscriber's line.  Remember that MLT automatically accesses a no-test trunk
unless you specifically request an MDF trunk.  An MDF trunk goes directly from
the loop testing system to the main distributing frame.  Bypassing the central
office switch.  Using an MDF trunk allows you to test loops that are connect
to co equipment that is not MLT-testable.  Also, you can sectionalize a fault
in or out of the co by testing "in" or "out" using MDF.

MDF(gr):  Access a trunk from a certain mdf trunk group

MDF(gr) lets you choose the MDF trunk group from which MLT will choose an MDF
trunk.  Use the MDF(gr) request when the NPA-NXX that you are using has more
than one frame associated with it and you can't enter cable and pair numbers.
For example, to request MDF trunk group a, you should enter MDFA in the req
field.  To find out which trunk groups are available for your NPA-NXX you can
either enter an mdf or an info request.  Remember that you still have to call
the frame attendant to have the trunk and line connected and also disconnect
when you are finished.

Mdfin:  Test the inside part of a line

Mdfin starts a series of tests that do an extensive analysis of the inside
line.  This includes line circuit and dial tone tests.  The mdfin request uses
a special line that runs from the MLT testing equipment to the MDF.  You must
ask the frame attendant to connect this line to the subscriber's line.  Then
you must enter the telephone number of this special line on the test mask
along with mdfin and the subscriber's number.  For more information see the
mdfio module in the MLT-2 user guide.

Mdfout:  Test the outside part of a line

Mdfout starts a series of tests that do an extensive analysis of the outside
line.  This includes the DC and AC tests.  The mdfout request uses a special
line that runs from the mlt testing equipment to the MDF.  You must ask the
frame attendant to connect this line to the subscriber's line.  Then you must
enter the telephone number of this special line on the test mask along with
mdfin and the subscriber's number.

Mon:  Monitor a subscriber's line

Mon lets you monitor a subscriber's line.  Sometimes you are a better judge of
whether there is noise, speech, or a recording on a line than MLT is.  If you
want to listen to a line to determine if one of these conditions does exist,
use the mon request.  You can also be automatically placed in the monitor mode
by MLT in some cases.  You will be put in monitor mode if you request ring,
talk or psr but MLT thinks the line is busy, or if you must talk to the
subscriber to run a rev, dial, or tt.  A callback number is required.  You can
request quick, look, or full while in monitor mode.

Psr:  Release a permanent signal

Psr attempts to release a permanent signal in a step-by-step central office.
A permanent signal is a steady dial tone on a line.  A frequent cause is a
receiver that is off-hook.  Psr lets you remove the permanent signal so that
you can monitor for room noise.  If when you monitor the line you still hear
steady dial tone, you should suspect permanent signal on the line.  Psr
requires a callback path between your callback line and the subscriber's line.
You should already have the callback path established before you enter a psr
request.

Qin:  Run a quick series in toward the co

Qin starts a series of tests that make a "quick" check of the loop toward the
central office.  It includes the same tests as quick.  It can also identify a
co line circuit if one is present and will report a line circuit if the DC
resistances look like one is present.  An MDF access is required for a qin
request.  You can use qin to test special switching machines.  For example, if
the circuit has 2 loops connected at the frame, qin lets you look at the 2nd
loop (both full & loop only test toward one loop).

Rev:  Identify touch-tone polarity reversals

Rev helps you identify a touch-tone polarity reversal.  On a good line, the
battery is connected to the ring wire and the ground is on the tip wire.
These wires must be connected to specific terminals on the telephone.  If they
are reversed, the subscriber will be able to receive calls but will not be
able to dial out.  If the line is reversed, you won't be able to hear the
tones before you enter a rev request.  Rev only reserves the line temporarily.
A callback path should be established before you make a rev request.

Rin:  Ring a subscriber's special services line

Rin lets you ring a telephone on a special services line.  A callback is
required.  If one doesn't exist, ring in sets one up for you.  To answer the
callback, answer its ring and press "0" on the touch-tone pad, and listen for
ringing.  When the subscriber answers, you will be placed in talk mode.  If
the line is busy, the call in progress will be interrupted.  Use rin to
contact the subscriber or a technician at the subscriber's home.  MDF access
is required to request rin.

Ring(#):  Ring a specific party on a multi-party line

Ring(#) lets you choose the telephone that you want to ring on a multiparty
line.  A multiparty line is one on which more than one subscriber is connected
to the same pair of wires.  Normally MLT checks the line records of the
telephone number you enter using the ring request, and automatically rings the
correct party.  When the line records indicate 2, 4, or 8 party, use the
ring(#) request and specify the party number in place of the "#."  If you
request ring1, MLT rings the party connected to the ring side.  If you request
ring2, MLT rings the party connected on the tip side.

Ring:  Ring a subscriber's line

Ring lets you ring a telephone on a single party line.  A callback path is
required but if one doesn't exist, ring sets one up for you.  To answer your
callback, answer its ring and press "0" on the touch-tone pad, and listen for
ringing.  When the subscriber answers, you will be placed in talk mode.  If
the line is busy or cannot be rung, you will be placed in monitor mode to
listen for noise or speech.  Use ring to contact the subscriber or a repair
person at the subscriber's home.

Ringer:  Check ringer configuration on a line

Ringer counts the number of ringers on each part of the loop (tip-ring,
tip-ground, and ring-ground).  The results tell you the number of telephones
found by MLT.  If there is a problem, the summary explains the problem.  If
you are testing a party line, some of the ringers found may belong to the
other party.

Rin:  Ring a subscriber's special services line

Rin lets you ring a telephone on a special services line.  A callback is
required.  If one doesn't exist, ring-in sets one up for you.  To answer the
callback, answer its ring and press "0" on the touch-tone pad, and listen for
ringing.  When the subscriber answers, you will be placed in talk mode.  If
the line is busy the call in progress will be interrupted.  Listen for noise
of speech.  Use rin to contact the subscriber or a technician at the
subscriber's home.  MDS is required to request rin.

Soak:  Identify swinging resistance condition

Soak identifies unstable ground faults (swinging resistance) on a line.
Voltage is applied to the line and a series of DC resistance measurements are
made to see the effect of that voltage.  If the resistance values are all low,
the fault is probably stable.  If even one value is 20% larger than the
original measurement, the fault may be unstable (swinging).  A repair person
who is dispatched may have trouble locating a swinging fault.  Use soak when
you find a 10-1000 kohm ground on a q test (full & loop include the soak
test), or just prior to dispatch to double-check a line's condition.

Ssa:  Special services access

The ssa request is used to access non-locally switched customer telephone
lines.  Accessing these lines is a  special case of a no-test trunk access.
However, if they go through a digital loop carrier such as SLC Series 5, and
there is special equipment available in the co, then you can test them with a
no-test trunk special se rvices access.  This means you don't have to call the
trunk.  The request can only be run from the stv mask.

Stv:  Special services trouble verification request

The stv request changes you from a tv mask to an stv mask.  Stv is used when
you need to test special services circuits (non-locally switched lines) served
by digital loop carrier systems such as SLC Series 5.  Switching to the stv
mask will not affect any information you left in the tv mask -- your status
lines will remain the same; however, the middle section of the mask will be
changed. Any request done from a tv mask can also be done from an stv mask,
but not vice versa.  The stv request can only be run from a tv mask.

Take:  Take control of a long-term access

Take is used when you want to transfer a long-term access from someone else's
terminal to your terminal.  To take control of a no-test access, enter the
telephone number that you want to transfer in the tn field.  To transfer an
MDF access to your terminal, enter the NPA-NXX in the tn field and the MDF
number in the space to the right of the regular tn field of the tv mask.
Finally, enter take in the req field.  If the previous holder had a callback
established, it would not be remover.  If necessary, you must remove the
callback using xcb and request a new callback to your telephone.

Talk:  Talk over the subscriber's line

Talk lets you talk to either a subscriber or a repair person on a subscriber's
line.  Talk does not ring the line so there must be someone waiting to talk to
you on the other end of the line.  A callback path is required for the talk
request but if one does not already exist, talk will set one up for you if you
have a callback number entered.  If the line is already accessed before the
talk request, MLT enters a "t" and the last 2 digits of the callback number
under the callback heading and updates the time since access.  You can request
quick, loop, or full while in talk mode.

Talkin:  Talk over the subscriber's special services line

Talkin lets you talk to a subscriber or a repair person on a special services
line.  Talkin does not ring the line so there must be someone waiting to talk
to you on the other end of the line.  A callback path is required for the
talkin request but if one does not already exist, talkin sets one up for you
if you have a callback number entered.  If the line is already accessed before
the talkin request, MLT enters a "t" and the last 2 digits of the callback
number under the callback heading and updates the time since access.  You must
have an MDF access to request talkin.

Tone+:  Use loud tone to help identify a pair

Tone+ puts a high amplitude tone on a line.  It is used on pairs that are very
long.  The extra amplitude helps the repair-person hear the tone over long
distances.  Tone is used to help a repair person to locate the correct pair in
a cable with many pairs of wires in it.  Use tone+ when a repair person
requests a tone on a very long pair.  If you have a callback on the line, it
will be placed in monitor mode.  If the status line gets brighter & you get a
changed state message, it means 1) The repair person found the pr & wants to
talk to you or 2) The subscriber has gone off-hook.

Tone:  Use tone to help craft identify a pair

Tone puts a metallic tone on a line.  There may be many pairs in a single
cable, making it difficult for a repair person to locate a specific line.  The
tone makes this job easier.  Before MLT places a tone on a line it does a
test.  The results tell you if there is a fault on the line.  If there is a
callback on the line when you request a tone, it will be placed in monitor
mode.  If the status line gets brighter and you get a changed state message,
it means either 1) The repair person found the pr & wants to talk to you or 2)
The subscriber has gone off-hook.

Toneca:  Use tone to help identify a cable

Toneca puts a longitudinal tone on a line.  This tone helps the repair person
find the cable binder group that the pair is in.  The repair person finds the
correct cable by listening for the tone.  Because the tone can be heard on
pairs other than the one you put it on, when tone or tone+ are inappropriate.
If the repair person does not have time to find the cable on the first try,
you can repeat the request.  Before placing the tone on the line, MLT does a
pretest and tells you if there is a fault on the line.

Tonein:  Use tone to help a technician identify a special services pair

Tonein puts a metallic tone on a special services line.  It may be difficult
for a technician to locate a specific line.  The tone makes this job easier.
Before MLT places a tone on a line it does a pretest.  An MDF access is
required in order to request a tonein.  If a callback is on the line when you
request tonein, it is placed in monitor mode.  If the status line gets
brighter and you get a changed state message, it means either 1) The repair
person found the pr & wants to talk to you or, 2) The subscriber has gone
off-hook.

Tt:  Test the subscriber's touch-tone pad

Tt checks a subscriber's touch-tone pad.  It analyzes the tones produced when
the subscriber presses the button before you make a tt request.  You in the
sequence 1 through 0.  You must instruct the subscriber to press the buttons
after hearing dial tone.  Mlt will signal you over your headset with two beeps
if the pad is good or one or no beeps if it is bad.  A callback path should be
established before you make a tt request.  You must use a no-test trunk access
to request it.  You can use the ring request to contact the subscriber and set
up a callback.

Tv:  Trouble verification request

The tv request changes you from an stv mask to a tv mask.  Tv is used when you
need to do interactive testing of locally switched telephone lines, or tests
using an MDF trunk.  Switching to the tv mask will not affect any information
you left in the stv mask -- your status lines will remain the same; however,
the middle section of the mask will be changed.  Any request done from a tv
mask can also be done from an stv mask, but not vice versa.  The request can
only be run from a stv mask.

Ver##:  Get definition and example of a ver code

Ver## gives you a description of the ver code that you type in place of the
##.  For example, a ver22 request will give you a definition of verification
code number 22 and an example of a typical set of test results that might
accompany a ver code of 22.  Use this request whenever you can't remember what
a certain ver code means.  MLT stores your tv mask when you request ver code
information.

Ver:  Test the entire telephone line

Ver starts a series of tests that do an extensive analysis of the entire line.
This includes both the inside and outside portions.  Many individual tests are
run but only the ver code and summary messages are displayed.  Outside, MLT
checks for AC and DC faults.  Inside, it checks the line circuit and dial
tone.

               Thanks to AT&T and the Bell Operating Companies.

                   Control C and The Tribunal of Knowledge

                If you have any questions or comments contact:

                                  Control C
                                  Jack Death
                                Prime Suspect
                                 The Prophet
                                  The Urvile

                       Or any other member of the TOK.
==============================================================================
